>> Jem Young: For
our last section, more or less,
on service security,
let's talk about automatic updates.
Again, one of the biggest vulnerabilities
is the software you're running.
So you say have most of your ports closed,
but
you have a MySQL sever running,
you have a caching proxy setup.
What if one of the software
become vulnerable?
What if someone can connect
to those without root access?
So we always want to keep our software
up to date, because that is the biggest,
probably one of the biggest things you do
about service security, mainly Windows.
Windows is probably the largest offender
of people not keeping their software up
to date.
There's still lots of people
out there running Windows XP,
which is no longer supported.
I was actually in, totally a personal
story, I was in Southern Africa on
vacation a few weeks ago, and
I saw at the border of Botswana,
they're still running Windows XP, and
I was just thinking, man, there's so
many vulnerabilities on this, and
this is customs border control.
So, yeah there's a reason why there's so
many botnets in the world,
most of them are due to Windows, and
people not patching their software.
But we're not going to do that.
We're not going to make the same
mistakes that everybody else did.
We're gonna automatically update
our software on our server.
This can get a little bit complicated,
but it's the easiest way to do it.
Otherwise you have to manually go in,
set up some kind of reoccurring
job to do it for you.
So, there's even a package that do it for
you.
If we apt install unattended-upgrades,
it'll start doing it for you,
which is awesome.
It might already be installed actually,
if you're lucky.
Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't,
seems kind of random.
But if you're watching this in the future,
install unattended-upgrades, and
then we're gonna configure it to
automatically patch our system for us.
>> Jem Young: I'm just gonna go ahead and
run that.
>> Jem Young: Pseudo apt install.
>> Jem Young: Yeah,
I've already got it installed.
And most of you,
if you sprung up a new server,
you probably already have installed which
is great, but just in case you don't,
we don't install it as we do with most
packages, so now let's configure it a bit.
So in etc/apt/apt.conf.d/20auto-upgrades.
Oops.
File name up here.
These are the defaults, but let's just
make sure, because again, not for
people today people tomorrow and in the
future, this may not be set for you, so
let's just go and make sure it's set.
So add etc/apt/apt.conf.d/
follow upgrades,
and I'm just gonna go and do that.
So,
>> Jem Young: 20.
>> Jem Young: Yeah, so I just cat
that file, I'm just taking a look.
It's just saying update package list, yes.
Run Unattended-Upgrade, yes.
One is just yes,
>> Jem Young: All right, not too bad,
cuz that's default.
There's a link here to an
Unattended-Upgrades, the debian package.
You can look, there's a lot of
configurations you can do for it,
how often you want it to run,
things like that.
Take a look.
I generally try to include links to
things that I think are interesting.
Maybe you won't think it's interesting,
but it's useful to know.
If you want just a little bit more detail.
So next, this looks complicated,
but these are the defaults.
Let's just common out distro code name.
It just says,
we only want security patches, and
we only want the extended
security patches.
We don't necessarily want to
update our software all the time,
because there could be
a breaking change in there.
We only want security updates,
and that's in the same directory.
So etc/apt/apt.conf.d/
>> Jem Young: 50unattended-upgrades,
and I'm just gonna go ahead and
do that here.
>> Jem Young: [INAUDIBLE]
or at 50, and
I'm just going to comment this line out.
That's it.
So what we're saying is we
want security patches and
the extended security maintenance patches,
that's it.
And that's pretty useful.
>> Jem Young: And as always,
well commented files.
You can see, you say, these are packages
that I've done something weird.
I've tweaked them a little bit.
I don't want these packages to be updated.
You can do lots of things with unintended
upgrades, but for now let's just go
the easy paved road, security updates
only, and right-click, that's it.